A Normal Day.
I teach English.
Today, I left the house early
to go to the gym.
After the gym, I went to the dentist
because my teeth were hurting.
The doctor examined me and told me
that I could eat in two hours,
"Enjoy your meal."
After I left the dentist,
I walked up an uphill street.
Walking there was a bit difficult.
After that, I entered a downhill street
and walking there was easier.
On the way, I saw my friend.
I always see him there.
He was standing looking upset
because a thief
robbed the shop near him.
My friend is an honest man
and he hates anyone who steals.
He always says,
"A thief never feels satisfied."
Because I was in a hurry,
I told him,
"Don't be upset with me.
I am in a hurry
and I will see you later."
After all this running around,
I went to work a bit late.